hey there folks been a while have a
pretty long winter plowing snow almost
over still a bit of snow on the ground
I'm gonna lot this year been doing a lot
of plowing for the city and my schedule
is pretty crazy takes up a lot of my
time
so I didn't have time to do the vlog
stuff but back I'm gonna go do a cold
start video whole winter keep her
outside
no salt so it's fine but we're gonna see
if we can start her I found it on a
battery charger for a day
thirty all right almost that goes
sure she's a neutral
so not thing
take charge our offices through
nope attempt to Oh
littlez like crap when she's cold
two point five in line
doclock MLS said yes it's therapy that's
the 17 bones
if that's their room
today don't that little car
and I killed it fantastic the fuel in
this cars from I don't even know like
October I kind of could be a reason why
the idol is garbage that and it's cold
and the cold start 1930s is terrible
heat shield
I'm going to dig her out of here soon
these on its snow melt that sounds good
the Magnaflow 18 ooh
1816 don't remember it single and dual
out super expensive so better sound good
sure if you can see that but the idle
air fuels
Genki boost gauge
it does not have two hundred thirty
three thousand miles this is a cluster I
put together because nothing worked on
the old one cars got like 160,000 but
when I pulled the head off it was in
great shape so we run with it see how
long it lasts
forgot to mention it's 16 degrees out 9
degrees Celsius if you're anywhere else
in the world I'll be back at my normal
work shift here soon so I'm gonna start
bringing the vlogs back it's just really
hard right now because of my work
schedule but soon I'll be back because I
enjoy doing these I just don't have time
right now but soon as the weather breaks
back so we'll see you then
got any tennis hole vlogs in the cart of
it got done and it back over to Josh's
to see some new car parts you got for
his s2000